annotations docs (#1613)
sequinstream/sequin: docs/management-api/sink-consumers/create.mdx

  Acknowledgement timeout in milliseconds (minimum 500ms)
</ParamField>

<ParamField body="annotations" type="object">

>   Additional metadata attached to this sink consumer. Annotations can be any JSON object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additional metadata you can attach to this sink consumer. Annotations can be any JSON object.
```

>   This data can be referenced in your [transform](/reference/transforms), to have one function include sink-specific data that function is attached to multiple sinks.

Reviewer: Something like this? (active voice)

```suggestion
  You can use annotations in your [transform](/reference/transforms) to attach additional information about the sink to each message.
```
